This is our Google search console
account for Spark Toro. You see these
two columns, clicks and impressions. I
want you to think deeply about the ratio
here. The ratio is what matters. When
you see something like, you know, 80,000
clicks and 110,000 impressions, that's
great. That means that most of the
people who are searching for that term
are making to your site. Spark Toro
blog, most of the people, they're coming
to our site. But for a number of these
queries like what is Spark Toro, that's
not what's happening because Google is
determining what your brand is. They are
answering the searcher's query before
you ever get a chance to. Spark Tour is
an audience intelligence tool that helps
marketers and strategists. It doesn't
matter that we say we're audience
research. Google says we're audience
intelligence. And and so that's what
people are getting. They feel like
they've got the answer from Google. They
don't need to click through. How do you
influence this? How do you change what
Google says about you to be what you
want them to say about you in any of
these where the ratio is poor?
Especially for branded terms. I'm
looking specifically at branded because
I care really a lot about what Google
says about our brand. And one of the
ways to do that is with alert mouse. So
I have this, you know, alert set up. It
comes to my email looks like this,
right? Get it every day. For some
reason, Google Alerts has never sent me
an alert about this very nice mention
that Similar Web has, which which I'll
show you. Look, they said great things
about us. They described us so well, so
well in this blog post that I am going
to quote it, cite it, link it, share it.
Quote it, cite it, link it, share it.
Why? Because that's how you influence
this, right? this this content this this
AI summary and AI mode overview all of
that all of that is coming from what the
web is saying about us. So if I can take
what all these people are writing,
especially the ones that say the things
that I want the message to be and I
quote it on our website on our LinkedIn,
I cite it right by sharing it in my
social accounts and Spartorial social
accounts. I link to it from our blog and
our resources section and our
testimonials page and I share it. Quote
it, site it, link it, share it. Bam.
That is how you change what Google says
about you, what AI overviews say about
you, what AI mode says about you, what
chat GPT says about you, what Perplexity
says about you, what Claude says about
you. I want him to say this. I want him
to say what Similar Web said. So, I'm
going to quote it, cite it, link it,
share it. You can do the same thing. I
alert mouse, right, which I'm showing
you here. This is free. Like this is
just you just go to alertmouse.com and
you say release the mice and boom you
are you are there. Look. Tada. Release
the mice. Bam. That's all there is to
it.